br: add more parameters to SQL BR (#17966)
pingcap/docs: sql-statements/sql-statement-backup.md

Use `RATE_LIMIT` to limit the average upload speed per TiKV node to reduce network bandwidth.

Before the backup is completed, `BACKUP` would perform a checksum against the data on the cluster to verify correctness by default. The default concurrency for checksum tasks on a single table is 4, which you can adjust using the `CHECKSUM_CONCURRENCY` parameter. If you are confident that the data verification is unnecessary, you can disable the check by setting the `CHECKSUM` parameter to `FALSE`.

To specify the number of concurrent tasks that BR can execute for backing up tables and indices, use the `CONCURRENCY` parameter. This parameter controls the thread pool size within BR, optimizing the performance and efficiency of backup operations.

One task represents one table range or one index range, according to the backup schemas. For one table with one index, two tasks are used to back up this table. The default value of `CONCURRENCY` is `4`. If you need to back up lots of tables or indices, increase its value.

Statistics are not backed up by default. To back up statistics, you need to set the `IGNORE_STATS` parameter to `FALSE`.

> The SST files generated by backup use the `zstd` compression algorithm by default. You can specify another compression algorithm according to your needs using the `COMPRESSION_TYPE` parameter. Supported algorithms include `lz4`, `zstd`, and `snappy`. You can also set the compression level using `COMPRESSION_LEVEL`; the higher the number, the higher the compression ratio, but the higher the CPU consumption.

Author: ```suggestion
By default, the SST files generated during backup use the `zstd` compression algorithm. If needed, you can specify a different compression algorithm using the `COMPRESSION_TYPE` parameter. Supported algorithms include `lz4`, `zstd`, and `snappy`. You can also adjust the compression level with the `COMPRESSION_LEVEL` parameter; a higher number increases the compression ratio but also increases CPU usage.
```
